Suspicious sender:
cue-1
Check the sender's email address and see if it looks genuine.
cue-2
Sometimes phishing emails may use an email address that looks
cue-3
similar to a legitimate one but has a small difference.
cue-4
For example, support@google.com may become
cue-5
support@goooogle.com.
cue-6
Urgent or threatening language:
cue-7
Phishing emails often contain language that creates a sense of
cue-8
urgency such as urgent action required or threats like "your account will be
cue-9
closed if you don't respond immediately".
cue-10
There may also use scare tactics such as threatening legal action or account
cue-11
suspension to pressure the recipient into taking action
cue-12
Grammatical errors:
cue-13
Many phishing emails contain grammatical errors and typos
cue-14
indicating that they are not from a legitimate source,
cue-15
Unfamiliar sender:
cue-16
If you receive an email from an unknown sender, it's important to take a
cue-17
moment to examine the email before responding or taking any
cue-18
action.
cue-19
Check the sender's email address to ensure that it matches the sender's name
cue-20
and any email signatures.
cue-21
Suspicious attachments or links:
cue-22
Be wary of links or attachments and emails, especially if they
cue-23
are asking you to provide sensitive information or redirecting you to a
cue-24
different site.
cue-25
It is recommended to hover over any buttons within an email to
cue-26
reveal the URL.
cue-27
Requests for personal information:
cue-28
Legitimate companies and organizations rarely ask for personal
cue-29
information via email. So be wary of any request for such
cue-30
information.